This project was bootstrapped with
[Create React App](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app).

Below you will find some information on how to perform common tasks.<br> You can
find the most recent version of this guide
[here](https://github.com/facebookincubator/create-react-app/blob/master/packages/react-scripts/template/README.md).

## Table of Contents

* [Instructions](#instructions)

## Instructions:

Task: Create a page which shows the lineup and formation of a team. Once you
have finished please also submit/make available your codebase. The lineup and
formation data is available from a HTTP API and through a WebSocket.

The initial data should first be retrieved from the API endpoint provided with a
HTTP GET request. After the data has been rendered on the page you should then
use pusher (https://pusher.com) to start listening for any updates to the lineup
using the channel/event details provided. Any updates/changes to the lineup
should then be reflected on the rendered lineup.

An image is included which can be used for a football pitch background. In
whatever format and display you choose, the lineup should collapse gracefully
and be rendered in a list format for a viewport width below 320px.

There are 3 possible formations across 5 possible rows including the goalkeeper:
442, 4411 and 3421. Images are included to explain each formation.

## Additional Information

The possible match lineups and data structure are included in a json file. The
"formation_place" variable corresponds to the numbers on the formations
provided.

The only API endpoint is at http://lineups.dev.fantech.io/ which simply returns
JSON data.

The pusher channel is being sent data every 20 seconds. The details for
subscribing to pusher are: APP_KEY = 6a3acdaba86ad858948b APP_CLUSTER = eu
Channel = lineups Event = lineup-updated

You will not be judged on your design skills for this task, usability and
functionality are more important. You can use whatever libraries and tools you
want to - perhaps Vue or React would be a good choice combined with a HTTP
client library, such as Axios, and Pusher. You can use as much time as you want
to but please only use a responsible amount of time on the project.
